Add website (#134)
neuroinformatics-unit/python-cookiecutter: docs/source/project_setup.md

# Installation & Setup

This section describes how to set up your project using cookiecutter.

First, install cookiecutter in your desired environment. Running in the terminal in your environment:

:::{note}
You must have Python installed to use Cookiecutter
:::

using pip or conda:

::::{tab-set}
:::{tab-item} pip
Install using pip
```sh
pip install cookiecutter
```
:::
:::{tab-item} conda
Install using conda
```sh
conda install -c conda-forge cookiecutter
```
:::
::::

## Creating a Cookiecutter Project

In the folder or directory, you want to create the project:

> :::{tip}
> You can use ``cd folder_name or directory`` to change directories
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  - `1 - Yes`
  - `2 - No`

This is the structure cookiecutter will create:
```
└── my-awesome-software/
	├── LICENSE
	├── MANIFEST.in
	├── README.md
	├── pyproject.toml
	├── tox.ini
	├── my_awesome_software/
	│	└── __init__.py
	└── tests/
		├── __init__.py
		├── test_integration/
		│	└── __init__.py
		└── test_unit/
				├── __init__.py
				└──  test_placeholder.py
```

A project with this information will then be written to the current working directory.

:::{important}
If you respond positively to `Select create_docs:`, an additional `docs` folder will be created and two example Python modules (`math.py` and `greetings.py`) will be added to the above structure.
:::

```
└── my-awesome-software/
	└── docs/
		├── make.bat
		├── Makefile
		├── requirements.txt
	    └── source/
			├── api_index.rst
			├── conf.py
			├── getting_started.md
			└── index.rst
	└── my_awesome_software/
		├── __init__.py
		├── greetings.py
		└── math.py
```

### Creating a GitHub Repository

1. **Sign In to GitHub:** Visit [GitHub](https://github.com) and sign in with your account.

> :::{note}
> If you do not have an account create one
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

2. **Create a New Repository:**

    - Click on the **+** icon in the upper-right corner of the page and select **New repository**.
    - Alternatively, you can navigate directly to: [New Repository](https://github.com/new)

3. **Fill in Repository Details:**

    - **Repository Name:** Enter a name for your project (e.g: ``my-awesome-software``).
    - **Description:** Optionally, provide a short description of your project.
    - **Repository Visibility:** Choose between **Public** or **Private**.

    - **Initialize Repository:** You may leave the repository empty (without a README, .gitignore, or license) if you plan to push your existing local project. If you prefer, you can initialize it with a README file.

:::{warning}
If you initialize with a README, you will need to pull those changes before pushing your local repository.
:::

4. **Create the Repository:** Click the **Create repository** button. GitHub will then create your new repository and provide you
    with the repository URL (e.g.``https://github.com/your-username/my-awesome-software.git``).

### Initializing a Git Repository

:::{note}

> Although While creating a Cookiecutter Projects, it asks for a GitHub username or organization and package name, it does not initialize a git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a cookiecutter project, it asks for a GitHub username or organization and package name. However this does not initialize a git repository.
```

```python
# filename: greetings.py
from .math import subtract_two_integers
```

If you want to import all the modules when installing you can add the following to your `__init__.py`:
```python
from . import *
```

## Add dependencies
To ensure any dependencies are installed at the same time as installing
your package, add them to your `pyproject.toml` file. E.g. to add `numpy`
and `pandas` as dependencies, add them to the `dependencies = []` list under
the `[project]` heading:

```toml
dependencies = ["numpy", "pandas"]
```

## Write tests

Write your test methods and classes in the `test` folder. We are using [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.2.x/getting-started.html).
In your test module you can call your methods in a simple way:
```python
# filename: test_math.py
from my_awesome_software import math

# here your test function
```

If you're testing a small piece of code, make it a unit test. If you want to test whether two or more software units work well together, create an integration test.

:::{important}
Before committing your changes
:::
### Run the tests

Be sure that you have installed pytest and run it
```bash
pip install pytest
pytest
```

> You should also see coverage information.

Author: I m sorry , I missed out this
